This video will introduce some of the basic principles
and usage of modern point of sale
to allow you to get started quickly during the trial.
Modern point of sale is a touch optimized,
mobile point of sale solution from Microsoft
with the flexibility to be used as a traditional point of sale,
as well as for clientelling and inventory tasks.
This unique solution from Microsoft can be deployed in a way that suits you,
whether that's on-premises, in the cloud, or hybrid,
and we offer support for multiple platforms,
including Windows, iOS, Android, or browser-based cloud point-of-sale,
ensuring a consistent experience regardless of the device you select.
The left navigation bar can be used for browsing of catalogs and categories,
viewing the current transaction line count,
and navigating between the transaction screen and welcome screen.
The welcome screen provides a role-based starting point for the most common tasks,
such as price checks, inventory lookups,
drawer and shift operations, or viewing reports.
Let's begin by searching for a customer.
We can search for customer at any point by using her name, email address, or loyalty card.
Let's add Karen to the sale.
Karen is looking for a hand bag and some other accessories.
We can add these items to the transaction by scanning barcodes,
entering product numbers, browsing categories, or searching.
When we set up the screen, we can also pin items to a specific button.
Once all items have been added to the transaction,
we can tender the sale using any of the defined payment methods.
The most common payment methods can be assigned to buttons directly on the screen,
such as fast cash, foreign currency, customer account, or loyalty.
Karen will be paying with cash, the change is now tendered, and the transaction is completed.
That was just a very brief introduction to allow you to get started with modern point of sale.